The bed and the bed sheets was a little bit dirty.
Our key doesn't work at the room door.
My room lights don't light on but the phone is working fine.
When I arrived to the room there was someone inside.
The double bed was perfect and the WC was very clean.
In my room there isn't a TV.
I can't connect to the Wi-Fi at my room.
The toilet of my room smells bad.
There is a broken lamp in my room.
I need clean towels at my room.
The bathtub of my room was very big.
We order two individual beds but we get a double one.
I can't open the window of my room.
The views from my room balcony were spectacular.
My room needs to be cleaned.
The food was great at the restaurant.
The menu of the restaurant is cheap for customers.
There is a lot of tables at the restaurant.
You can eat whatever you want from the free buffet.
In the restaurant you find the free buffet.
Kids love the child's menu at the restaurant.
I found a dirty dish at the restaurant.
The drinks and the food were very standard.
There is too much people in the restaurant at breakfast time.
The meal for all the family was very expensive.
Vegan food is out of the menu.
There is a lot of vegan drinks at the restaurant.
We arrived late at the restaurant because it closes too early.
All dinner tables have four chairs at the restaurant.
The food was cold and the the drinks were hot.
The swimming pool is too small.
There is a slide and two jump platforms at the pool.
The hotel has a big pool with lot of waterfalls.
Is there a swimming pool in your hotel?
There was a float in the middle of the water.
The water of the pool was very cold.
The pool activities were very funny for kids and families.
Can we take swimming lessons at the pool?
Water from pool showers is very hot.
I think the pool needs more umbrellas.
There is only ten umbrellas at the solarium of the pool.
We found two deck chairs broken at the pool.
My deck chair was small and it was dirty.
The swimming pool opens too late in the morning.
There isn't a life guard at the swimming pool.